client-api: Send CORP headers by default for media responses (#1326)
ruma/ruma: crates/ruma-common/CHANGELOG.md

* Remove deprecated constructors for `RoomMessageEventContent`
* Remove `serde::vec_as_map_of_empty` from the public API
* Remove the `api::AuthScheme::QueryOnlyAccessToken` variant, which is no longer used

> * The `#[ruma_api(header)]` attribute of the `ruma_api` macro now accepts any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `#[ruma_api(header)]` attribute of the `ruma_api` macro now accepts an arbitrary
```
